CrewAI Integration (#24)
serena-ruan/unitycatalog-ai: integrations/crewai/README.md

#### Client setup

Initialize a client for managing UC functions in a Databricks workspace, and set it as the global client.

```python
from ucai.core.client import set_uc_function_client
from ucai.core.databricks import DatabricksFunctionClient

client = DatabricksFunctionClient(
    warehouse_id="..." # replace with the warehouse_id
)

# sets the default uc function client
set_uc_function_client(client)
```

#### Create a UC function

To provide an executable function for your tool to use, you need to define and create the function within UC. To do this,
create a Python function that is wrapped within the SQL body format for UC and then utilize the `DatabricksFunctionClient` to store this in UC:

```python
# Replace with your own catalog and schema for where your function will be stored
CATALOG = "catalog"
SCHEMA = "schema"

func_name = f"{CATALOG}.{SCHEMA}.python_exec"
# define the function body in UC SQL functions format

> sql_body = f"""CREATE OR REPLACE FUNCTION {func_name}(code STRING COMMENT 'Python code to execute. Remember to print the final result to stdout.')

Reviewer: We might want to show the simpler `create_python_function` API

RETURNS STRING
LANGUAGE PYTHON
COMMENT 'Executes Python code and returns its stdout.'
AS $$
    import sys
    from io import StringIO
    stdout = StringIO()
    sys.stdout = stdout
    exec(code)
    return stdout.getvalue()
$$
"""

client.create_function(sql_function_body=sql_body)
```

Now that the function exists within the Catalog and Schema that we defined, we can interface with it from CrewAI using the ucai_crewai package.

#### Create an instance of a CrewAI compatible tool

> [CrewAI Tools](https://docs.crewai.com/core-concepts/Tools/) are callable external functions that GenAI applications (called by

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[CrewAI Tools](https://docs.crewai.com/core-concepts/Tools/) are callable external functions that GenAI applications can use (called by
```

    tools=tools,
    verbose=True
)

reviewer = Agent(
    role="reviewer",
    goal="Ensure the researcher calls a function and shows the answer",
    backstory="allergic to cats",
    expected_output="string",
    verbose=True
)

# Define tasks
research = Task(
    description="Call a tool",
    expected_output="string",
    agent=coder
)

review = Task(
    description="Review the tool call output. Once complete, stop.",
    expected_output="string",
    agent=reviewer,
)

# Assemble a crew with planning enabled
crew = Crew(
    agents=[coder, reviewer],
    tasks=[research, review],
    verbose=True,
    planning=True,  # Enable planning feature
)

# Execute tasks
crew.kickoff()
```

Output
```text
[2024-10-08 14:29:25][INFO]: Planning the crew execution

# Agent: Simple coder
## Task: Call a tool1. **Identify the Objective**: The Simple Coder aims to create a program that prints "Hello Unity Catalog!" by utilizing the UnityCatalogTool.

2. **Preparation for Tool Call**:
   - Ensure that the Python environment is set and accessible to execute the code.
   - Prepare the code snippet that needs to be executed. In this case, the Python code is as follows:

>      ```python

Reviewer: This will render really oddly in markdown. This will probably need some escape indicators

# Using Unity Catalog AI with CrewAI 

You can use functions defined within Unity Catalog (UC) directly as tools within [CrewAI](https://www.crewai.com/) with this package.

## Installation

### From PyPI

```sh
pip install ucai-crewai
```

### From source

> To get started with the latest version, you can directly install this package from source via:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get started with the latest version, install from PyPI:
```

<!-- TODO: update this to the actual path where the repo's main branch will live -->
```sh

> %pip install git+https://github.com/michael-berk/unitycatalog-ai.git@michaelberk/crewai-tool-integration#subdirectory=integrations/crewai

Author: NOTE: needs updating in PR to UC OSS

> %pip install git+https://github.com/michael-berk/unitycatalog-ai.git@michaelberk/crewai-tool-integration#subdirectory=integrations/crewai

Reviewer: ```suggestion
pip install ucai-crewai
```

Reviewer: The namespace is going to be changed as well, but we'll handle that in the unitycatalog repo :)

```

#### Utilize our function as a tool within a CrewAI `Crew`

With our interface to our UC function defined as a CrewAI tool collection, we can directly use it within a CrewAI `Crew`. 

```python
import os
from crewai import Agent, Task, Crew

# Set up API keys
os.environ["OPENAI_API_KEY"] = "your key"

# Create agents
coder = Agent(
    role="Simple coder",
    goal= "Create a program that prints Hello Unity Catalog!",
    backstory="likes long walks on the beach",
    expected_output="string",
    tools=tools,
    verbose=True
)

reviewer = Agent(
    role="reviewer",
    goal="Ensure the researcher calls a function and shows the answer",
    backstory="allergic to cats",
    expected_output="string",
    verbose=True
)

# Define tasks
research = Task(
    description="Call a tool",
    expected_output="string",
    agent=coder
)

review = Task(
    description="Review the tool call output. Once complete, stop.",
    expected_output="string",
    agent=reviewer,
)

# Assemble a crew with planning enabled
crew = Crew(
    agents=[coder, reviewer],
    tasks=[research, review],
    verbose=True,
    planning=True,  # Enable planning feature
)

# Execute tasks

> crew.kickoff()

Reviewer: most hilariously named method I've ever seen in a major OSS package.

Author: +1

```

Output
```text
[2024-10-08 14:29:25][INFO]: Planning the crew execution

# Agent: Simple coder
## Task: Call a tool1. **Agent Identification**: Identify the agent responsible for this task, which is "Simple Coder".

2. **Agent Goal Confirmation**: Confirm the goal of the Simple Coder is to create a program that prints "Hello Unity Catalog!".

3. **Tool Selection**: The appropriate tool to use is the `UnityCatalogTool` named `main__default__make_uppercase`.

4. **Initial Setup**: Ensure the Simple Coder has access to the necessary environment to write and execute code.

5. **Code Implementation**: The Simple Coder will write the following code snippet:

>    ```python

Reviewer: We'll need to escape these code block marks or the rendering will be alllll messed up
